Add N lettered article stubs from glossary (#3844)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Modding/Normal_Mod/en.md

---
tags:
  - NM
---

# Normal mod

> **Normal mods** (*NMs*) are [mods](/wiki/Modding/) that will be provided without requiring any work from the requesting beatmapper. Normal mods are usually done to get second opinions on a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps/) and help improve it. The clarification word for normal mods might seem unnecessary, but modders use it to distinguish it from mod for mod exchanges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **normal mod** (*NM*) is a [mod](/wiki/Modding/) that will be provided without requiring any work from the requesting beatmapper. Normal mods are usually done to get second opinions on a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) and help improve it. Many modders use the term "NM" to distinguish it from mod for mod exchanges.
```
> Abbreviations, acronyms, and initialisms should not be pluralised.

\- [ASC](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Article_Styling_Criteria#abbreviations,-acronyms,-and-initialisms)

> **Normal mods** (*NMs*) are [mods](/wiki/Modding/) that will be provided without requiring any work from the requesting beatmapper. Normal mods are usually done to get second opinions on a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps/) and help improve it. The clarification word for normal mods might seem unnecessary, but modders use it to distinguish it from mod for mod exchanges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Normal mods** (*NMs*) are [mods](/wiki/Modding/) that will be provided without requiring any work from the requesting beatmapper. Normal mods are typically done to get second opinions on a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps/) and help improve it. The clarification word for normal mods might seem unnecessary, but modders use it to distinguish it from mod for mod exchanges.
```
nitpick; ignore if you disagree

> Normal mods are most commonly requested on the forums in [modding queues](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/60). Here modders can personalize which kind of beatmaps they want to see, and mappers can find people willing to help them improve their beatmaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normal mods are most commonly requested on the forums in [modding queues](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/60), where modders can personalize which kind of beatmaps they want to see, and mappers can find people willing to help them improve their beatmaps.
```
